I'm just testing Lawyer Tang
I really didn't want to embarrass him
Mom scared me to death
Next time, can you stop having a surprise attack and don't tell me who asked you to fall in love?
Isn't the car not there yet?
When?
It's time
Do you think I would object?
I wouldn't
I'm afraid that Lawyer Tang won't look down on you. I finally got it by being soft and hard
Mom, you have to be careful
Otherwise, I will be a bachelor for the rest of my life. I see if you are in a hurry.
It turned out to be deceived
What are you hiding from me?
Ah.
I said something wrong. I can't make it clear.
When you left the green today, you asked you mysteriously and you didn't say anything.
Son, you can't really do something, can you?
Did you make some mistake?
Hey no
What are you hiding from me?
At your mother's today, that's for you.
That's not the case when you go home
I really didn't lie to you.
I believe you
You must be hiding something from me
Tell me about it. Tell me about it.
Wife don't hit